Hello everybody and welcome to this introductory video.
Today I will be talking ethical hacking
and I will also introduce you to the course itself.
So first off, you might have noticed
that the term "Ethical Hacking" is composed of two words:
You have "Ethical" and you have "Hacking".
Now hacking
The definition of hacking is quite broad.
I mean, it encompasses a very wide range of activities.
However, if you actually go to any of the online dictionaries, pretty much
and if you type in the term "Hacking"
generally it will say that it has something to do with computers.
I cannot say that that is not true
however, that is a small portion of the definition.
Rather instead, the act of hacking is actually having any system
and I mean any system.
Not just a computer system
Not just a digital system
In fact, the system doesn't even need to contain any electrical parts.
So literally any system having it do something that you intended it to do
as opposed to what it was designed to do.
Now here's one short example
that has been cited over and over again --
You have a lock basically
You have a door lock in your house
Everybody has one
l sincerely hope that you have one
and the purpose of that lock is used to prevent intruders.
So anybody that does not have a key cannot enter.
But people enter without a key anyway
because they pick the lock and then they enter
and that itself could be considered an act of hacking.
Also an act of burglary, but that's another subject.
Anyway, the ethical side of it
would be when you have these large automobile industries
Manufacturers
Then they hire people
They hire these burglars to come and test their locks.
So basically, they pay them very good sums of money
to go to their factories and try to unlock their cars.
This doesn't need to apply only to locks for cars.
It can also apply to your door locks.
Manufacturers have pretty much all sorts of locks.
They hire people to actually try and pick lock them
and then if they succeed doing it, they pay them a very good sum of money.
I do believe that prices for one car manufacturer
went up to one million euros if you managed to break their locks
But what I am trying to say here is that the ethical side of it
would be when you have a permission to do it.
When it's within the constraints of the law
and the act of hacking itself can be within the constraints of the law
But doesn't necessarily need to be.
Anyway, we will not be focusing on those types of locks today or during this course.
During this course, I will teach you how to penetrate networks
How to exploit systems
How to break into computers
How to compromise routers, etc. You will
be able, after you finish this course you
After you finish this course
After you've absorbed all the information in it
You will gain the ability to do some serious damage.
Now because of that, I wish to give you a disclaimer here --
So first off, I do not encourage any sort of illegal activity.
Furthermore, I strongly advise against it and I am against it.
So you do not have any legit need to do anything that is against the law
with the knowledge that you are going to get during this course
because you are going to get some pretty good
and you can abuse it very easily.
It's not that difficult to abuse it.
The opportunities are everywhere
They're endless because people tend to use insecure systems
or they use secure systems
but they don't know how to operate or configure them
and then in turn, those security systems
become insecure.
But what I'm trying to tell you is there really is no need.
I mean, if you want to do it for the money or something like that
you can make same amount, if not more, in a perfectly legitimate way.
People will pay you to actually test their networks
and to see if you can find any vulnerabilities in them
and then report them.
Perhaps even fix them.
However if you do decide to do something against the law
in any country, I am not responsible for it.
First off, that is what I want to say --
I do not claim responsibility for it
as I have already stated that I am doing this purely for educational purposes
and I do not advocate the use of this material for any sort of illegal purposes.
Now I hope you understand why I had to make this disclaimer
and this is not
what I said, these are not just empty words
I really do stand by it, and that is my philosophy as well.
In any case, during this course
I will show you numerous examples
methods
You will need some prerequisites
over which I will go in the next tutorial
but you in for a ride, so sit down
be patient
That is a very important thing in this line of work.
Patience, because everybody out there
I mean, if you are looking at this tutorial now
if you type in the term "Ethical Hacking"
I'm guessing at some point in your lives, like myself
you have seen a movie that involves
some sort of hacking with computers
and you see this terminal and you just see them typing in something there
and it just basically works!
It works within five minutes or something like that.
Let me tell you something --
that has nothing to do with the real world
or very little do with the real world.
In the real world, people spend countless
sleepless nights
trying to do something.
Trying to obtain access
Trying to bypass a password protected file or something of a kind in a server.
Trying to escalate privileges.
Trying to inject in, a SQL injection of something of a kind
and they not only spend countless nights doing it
but they also spend a long time planning, preparing
and getting a general idea of what they can do
how they can execute an attack, etc.
These are not things that you will be able to do within five minutes
after you sit and open up your desktop computer. Whatever.
You will need time
You will need patience
but above all, you will need to be curious.
Curiosity is one of the first steps here
and obviously, since you actually chosen to listen to this tutorial.
To go through it.
You do possess it already.
You just need to build on it a little bit more
and you'll be where you want to be.
In any case, I hope to see you in the next tutorial and I bid you farewell.